OKTA-941904 - Draft monthly release notes (#5693)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2025/index.md

    As of October 8, 2025, in Preview orgs, and October 13, 2025, in Production orgs, these properties are ignored if they’re specified in any API requests. Specifying the properties in your API requests doesn't cause any errors since they have no effect.

    See [Deprecation Notice - Smart Card IdP Legacy CRL Cache Setting](https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/deprecation-notice-smart-card-idp-legacy-crl-cache-setting?language=en_US).

* The new [Single sign-on](/docs/concepts/sso-overview/) concept is an overview of SSO, explaining what it is, how it differs from a basic sign-in flow, and how Okta supports it.

* Authentication policies have been renamed and are now known as "app sign-in policies." The term "authentication policies" now refers to a group of policies: app sign-in policies, the Okta account management policy, and the session protection policy.

    In the [Policies API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Policy/), the policy type for app sign-in policies is still `ACCESS_POLICY`. There are no changes to the API. All previous anchors and links to the API remain the same.

> * Best practice implementations of API use cases are now available for Identity Governance. See **Identity Governance** in the [Guides](/docs/guides/) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Best practice implementations of API use cases are now available for Identity Governance. See **Identity Governance** in the [Guides](/docs/guides/) navigation menu.
```
